Streamline Remix Getting Started Page (#7482)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-config/javascript.remix.mdx

});
```

Initialize Sentry in your entry point for the server to capture exceptions and get performance metrics for your [`action`](https://remix.run/docs/en/v1/api/conventions#action) and [`loader`](https://remix.run/docs/en/v1/api/conventions#loader) functions. You can also initialize Sentry's database integrations, such as <Link to="/platforms/node/performance/database/opt-in/#prisma-orm-integration">Prisma</Link>, to get spans for your database calls.

> Also, wrap your Remix root with `withSentry` to catch React component errors (Remix v1) and routing transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To catch React component errors (in Remix v1) and routing transactions, wrap your Remix root with `withSentry`.
```

> <Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
```

> If you use the Remix `v2_errorBoundary` future flag, you need to configure a [v2 ErrorBoundary](#v2-errorboundary) in addition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the Remix `v2_errorBoundary` future flag, you must also configure a [v2 ErrorBoundary](#v2-errorboundary).
```

> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Note>
```

});
```

## Custom Express Server

If you use a custom Express server in your Remix application, you should wrap your [`createRequestHandler` function](https://remix.run/docs/en/v1/other-api/adapter#createrequesthandler) manually with `wrapExpressCreateRequestHandler`. This is not required if you use the built-in Remix App Server.

> <Alert level="info">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
```

`wrapExpressCreateRequestHandler` is available starting with version 7.11.0.

> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Note>
```
